>>REGINA MEREDITH:
Some of you have
heard the statistics regarding
the numbers of patients that
die as a direct result
of patient care.
You may have also read
of the repeated efforts
by lobbyists to restrict or
access to natural supplements.
Investigative journalist
John Rappaport
has spent decades keeping us
informed as to the threats
to our health freedom.
He joins me today.
And some of this conversation
may be challenging.
The images are
certainly irreverant,
but our hope is that the
information will stick.
And I want to thank you so
much for joining on this one,
because there is
so much confusion
around so many issues
regarding our health.
And we see legislators standing
up in front of Congress
telling why we have to have FDA
approval over our supplements,
when in reality it's the
stuff that has already passed
their approval that is
killing so many people.
And I want to launch right in.
Let's look at the scope of the
problem-- statistics, numbers.
>>JOHN RAPPAPORT: OK.
Good to be here.
The year is 2000, July 26.
In the "Journal of the American
Medical Association," which
is one the most prestigious
medical journals in the world,
an insider named Dr.
Barbara Starfield
who is working at
the Johns Hopkins
School of Public Health,
another "we salute
thee" from the insiders of
the-- everybody's credentials
are impeccable, all the
way up and down the line--
the journal, the
school, the doctor.
And she publishes a
review on July 26, 2000
called "Is US Health Really
the Best in the World?"
And in this paper,
this revered--
not just respected, but
revered-- public health expert
Dr. Barbara Starfield says that
every year in the United States
the medical system is
killing 225,000 people.
If you take that out
to a decade, that's
2.25 million people a decade,
which some people will try
to gloss over, but if they
really stop and think about it,
the very profession
dedicated, we
say, to saving lives is
suddenly the third leading
cause of death in
the United States
behind heart disease and cancer,
killing 225,000 people a year
and 2.25 million
people per decade.
This is what Starfield says in
her peer-reviewed expert review
study in the "Journal of the
American Medical Association".
>>REGINA: Could we guess
that that might even
be a conservative number?
>>RAPPAPORT: She has admitted
it's conservative to me,
because I interviewed her.
>>REGINA: What
does it look like?
>>RAPPAPORT: She
said, look, there
are later estimates that
were higher than mine.
Because I asked her,
I said, has anybody
challenged your findings?
She said, there
was one challenged
by one person who obviously
had a conflict of interest.
But she said, if you read the
literature and the journals
and so on, there's been
no attack on my findings.
In fact, other people
have come along
and found larger numbers
of death figures.
You can go as high
700,000 a year
if you want to take
outsiders' studies,
outside the
mainstream, of deaths
caused by the medical system.
But you see, the
reason is, I wanted
to stick with the
people that are
respected within the mainstream.
>>REGINA: Right.
Well, it makes sense
journalistically
to do that anyways.
>>RAPPAPORT: Just
to show, OK, now,
if you were going to pay
any attention to anybody,
who would it be?
One of your own, published
in one of your own journals.
In fact, one of the most
prestigious of your journals,
working for the School
of Public Health
that is revered as
high as any other.
And here are the facts.
>>REGINA: I know some of this
is procedural, but a lot of it
has to do with the drugs
that are prescribed.
>>RAPPAPORT: I'll break it down.
106,000 a year caused by
FDA-approved pharmaceutical
drugs.
That's more than
a million people
a decade killed by
drugs that the FDA has
approved as safe and effective.
Now, people have to realize--
they may think they realize it,
but I'll just kind of drill
it in a little tighter
into their heads.
You don't get a
drug, a medical drug
on the market in the
United States in any way,
shape, or form unless
the FDA has approved
it as both safe and effective.
They are the gatekeeper.
They are the court of first,
and last, and middle resort.
They're the agency
tasked with this.
So if we are
talking about, let's
say, as Starfield
indicated, 106,000 deaths
a year caused every
year like clockwork
by FDA-approved drugs--
that's over a million people
a decade-- then what
is going on at the FDA?
>>REGINA: Good question.
>>RAPPAPORT: Right?
What is going on at the FDA?
And why isn't any other branch
of government interceding?
Because I'll tell you a
secret, which I recently
discovered through a tip.
The FDA is well aware
of these numbers.
People have said to
me, well, you see,
you're digging up things
out of medical journals,
and how could they know?
And the most absurd kind of
apologetics for these people.
And I said, you're
trying to tell me
that the FDA doesn't know that
the drugs that they approve
as safe are killing people
at the rate of 100,000
a year in the United States?
Is this what you believe?
Yes, we believe it.
OK, so now we have a web page
on the FDA's own site, which
you can get to by
googling "FDA why
learn about adverse
reactions to drugs?"
And people have taken
screenshots of it
in case the FDA decides
to take it down.
And on that page, they readily
admit, with references,
100,000 people a year die from
reactions to medical drugs.
But in this incredible
display of what can only
be called schizophrenia,
real schizophrenia,
the FDA takes no
responsibility for that figure.
>>REGINA: Do they consider
people just collateral damage?
When they're faced
with that, when they're
confronted with it,
what do they say?
>>RAPPAPORT: They will
not reply when confronted.
Here, I'll modify
that a little bit.
They'll say, well, you
know, it's basically
the patient is trying
to medicalize himself.
The patient is doing
things with the drugs
that were not meant to be done.
So blame the patient.
That's one of their strategies.
Or they'll say the doctor
was miscombining drugs
in his prescriptions,
but of course, we
couldn't have predicted
that at the FDA.
This is all nonsense.
The studies that
have been done were
talking about
correctly prescribed.
>>REGINA: And correctly used.
>>RAPPAPORT: Yeah, as
far as anybody can tell.
>>REGINA: They may have
forgotten a pill at noon,
but basically, yeah.
>>RAPPAPORT: We're talking
about crazy people who decide,
let me take half the bottle.
>>REGINA: Yeah, see
if I can get a buzz.
>>RAPPAPORT: This
is legit stuff here.
And this has been
verified by other groups.
Starfield's study
is not the only one,
but it broke the egg in half.
From then on, things
were different
even though nobody
wanted to admit it.
The press covered
it for a short time.
Oh, look at this.
Strange, unbelievable.
Three days, four days, a
week, a month-- it's all gone.
>>REGINA: Well, of course
this is going to happen,
because we have an extremely
flawed approval process.
Right?
>>RAPPAPORT: Yes, the FDA,
when they approve drugs,
the process is flawed.
We know that
doctors, for example,
who sit on FDA panels who
approve or deny approval
to the drugs, they have
conflicts of interest
with the very drug companies
that are making the drugs.
And they're receiving
money as honoraria.
There are junkets and
all sorts of things.
We know that.
But you see, this problem
goes deeper because--
and this is where people,
they like to check out.
They don't want to
hear about this.
And I have to repeat,
they know at the FDA
that this is what's happening.
Every year, they know.
They know that 100,000 at least
are getting killed by the drugs
that they're approving.
And they're not doing
anything about it.
I asked Barbara
Starfied, has the FDA
ever talked to you about
corrective measures
since your study was
published in the year 2000?
This interview
was done by email.
She wrote, in
capital letters, no.
I said, to your knowledge,
has any government agency
tried to correct the situation,
taken remedial action,
as 225,000 people a year
die from the effects
of the medical
system, as 106,000
are killed by
FDA-approved medications?
Has any government agency tried
to do any remedial action?
No.
So we're talking now
about an ongoing crime.
This is an ongoing crime.
>>REGINA: With no oversight.
>>RAPPAPORT: No oversight.
And you have to say to
yourself, if you had a job
and you knew that
what you were doing
was causing 100,000 people to
die every year-- every year,
not just one year
but every year--
and you could somehow
keep yourself together
to even function or stay alive
in the face of what you knew,
would you try to do anything to
change it, or fix it, or help
it, or not?
You see, we have to reduce
it down to these terms.
Otherwise, everybody's
living in La La land.
Well, you see, this
is a big agency.
It's a gigantic government.
Nobody knows the other
thing, what's happening,
who's doing what to who.
All of that is just
complete baloney.
>>REGINA: The
bottom line is there
are billions of dollars at stake
on the patents for these drugs.
>>RAPPAPORT: Yes, And
there are people dying.
And the FDA understands this.
They know what's going on.
They absolutely know.
They also know-- and
this is no small point--
that if 100,000 people are dying
every year at least as a result
of drugs that they have approved
as safe in the United States,
then what about all
the published studies
in the medical journals?
I don't mean just a few.
I mean thousands of studies
that have been published
in medical journals that
said, this drug is safe,
that drug is safe, this drug
is safe, that drug is safe,
this drug is safe-- thousands.
And now we're talking
about once occurring.
We're talking about
ongoing, again, crime.
All of those studies
are fraudulent.
They're all fraudulent.
Now, I've talked to many doctors
as a reporter who have told me,
the rock of our profession
is the published studies,
the clinical trials of drugs.
This is what separates us
from alternative medicine.
And this is what keeps
us, as a science,
from going back
into the Stone Age.
They're serious.
They really believe
this, you see.
And then when I run this down to
them, as we've just done here,
they not only don't
want to hear it,
they don't believe
they've heard what I said.
It's as if you're sitting there
and I'm saying to you, ABC,
and you're hearing FGH.
They literally don't put
together what I'm saying
because they can't.
Because if they did,
they would be admitting
that the rock upon which
they rely, and saying this
is our science, this
is what keeps us sane,
is completely and
utterly a fraud.
Completely fraud.
And I have statements.
>>REGINA: Well,
and there have been
plenty of, in recent
times, clinical trials
that have been
falsified that have come
to light that the
public knows about.
And yet they'll continue
on and maybe repurpose
that drug for another use.
>>RAPPAPORT: Sure.
Or they'll say, well,
we caught this one.
Didn't we do a great job?
No, we're talking, as I said--
>>REGINA: Someone sued them.
>>RAPPAPORT: --thousands of
ongoing fraudulent trials.
I have statements
published on my site.
Marcia Angell, for
example, who was for years
the editor of the
"New England Journal
of Medicine," the most
prestigious journal
in the world, 20 years.
And she says, reluctantly I have
come to the conclusion that I
cannot trust published
clinical evidence.
>>REGINA: That was brave of her.
>>RAPPAPORT: Well,
yeah, it may be brave,
but it's also stunning--
>>REGINA: Shocking.
>>RAPPAPORT: --to realize this.
This is a published statement.
Wow.
>>REGINA: So what is any
of it founded on, then,
if not science, i.e.
these clinical trials?
>>RAPPAPORT: It's
founded on the principle
of what can we get away with?
We're in the jungle.
What can we get away with?
>>REGINA: And isn't
there another loop
hole or overlay in
that these drugs
are patented technologies?
And patents have
certain protections
in and of themselves,
where they do not
have to be subjected to
public trials and scrutiny
for any long period
of time even.
Well, certainly like GMOs.
That would fall
under that, right?
>>RAPPAPORT: Yes.
Once they're approved,
there is such a thing
as post-marketing
surveillance, as they call it.
But this is really
easy to get around.
Because it's very difficult
to do, first of all.
And they're not really
trying that hard to do it.
You really have
to make an effort
to see what is
happening with people
who are taking this drug?
And when it comes to light,
it's because it's unavoidable.
Because people are having
heart attacks and strokes
and dying all over the
place, like with Vioxx.
OK, we can't any longer deny it.
But under the table, this
is going on all the time,
and it's just not being recorded
or reported or whatever.
The patent basically--
It's really the
approval and the patent,
because once the drug
is approved-- let's
say it's your
drug, your company.
You have the patent.
Well, I can't interfere with
my company and your patent
for seven or eight
or maybe 12 years,
depending upon the
length of the patent.
I can't compete with you.
That's what the patent means.
But what you've got that's more
important than the patent is
you've got the
approval of the FDA,
because you can now
go around and say,
well, you claim my
drug is killing people.
I don't know what
you're talking about.
All I know is the government
has said that my drug is safe,
and that's all I had to prove.
>>REGINA: Now, at
the same time, you've
got these companies
that say, well,
the reason these drugs
are so expensive,
the name-brand
drugs, is because we
had to put hundreds of
millions into R and D on it.
Well, what's that-- I
don't quite understand.
And then to come through
the other end with something
that can be dangerous
to one's health.
What is that money going into?
What's really going
on when they say
they're putting hundreds
of millions into R and D?
>>RAPPAPORT: They're
doing maybe 20 studies,
25 controlled studies, which
can be fairly expensive to do.
I'm not saying this
is the whole price
of what they're talking about.
And one of the reasons
they're doing so many studies
is because they
know that they're
going to bury the studies that
are uncomplimentary to the drug
and they're going to feature
the ones that are complimentary.
>>REGINA: And this is common.
>>RAPPAPORT: Yeah.
So let's do a bunch
of these studies
because we're going
to pick and choose.
And time and time again,
companies get caught.
And they say--
>>REGINA: Didn't that happen
with Vioxx and a few others?
>>RAPPAPORT: --we'll
never do this again.
We'll pay the fine.
And in one case
recently, GlaxoSmithKline
was fined $3 billion--
three billion,
largest judgment in
history-- over finagling
that had to do with
several of their drugs
during a certain time period.
Well, you add up the
profits of those three drugs
from that time period that we're
talking about, $27 billion,
and they're paying
a $3 billion fine.
And people are saying this
is magnificent achievement
for the law
enforcement community
to be able to win this case.
Nobody gets prosecuted at GSK.
Nobody goes to jail.
Nothing happens.
They pay $3 billion
out of a pot of 27.
>>REGINA: Cost of
doing business, really.
>>RAPPAPORT: Cost
of doing business.
And they factor it in and
they put the money away.
>>REGINA: It's just
so unconscionable.
There has to be a kind of
detached, almost sociopathic
structure underneath that
could allow for people
to just turn the other
cheek to the fact
that 100,000 people
plus, conservatively,
are being killed
by these things,
to even have the temerity
to falsify the studies,
to toss out the ones that
say, hey, this stuff's bad.
This is criminal.
You just said it a moment ago.
It's criminal.
>>RAPPAPORT: Yeah, it's murder.
And this is what
people have to face.
And this is why this
conversation has a challenging
turn in it, because
we live in a society
where, at least at
a certain level,
everybody wants to be nice.
And part of being
nice, nicey nice,
is to make excuses
for other people.
This is part of the
ingrained cultural attitude.
Well, we have to
forgive, and we learn.
And let's not be too hasty to
make judgments here or speak
ill of so and so.
We have to have hands off,
and we have to be neutral.
And this also feeds into a
whole kind of fake spirituality,
actually, if we
want to expand on it
into universal tolerance
for anything happening
from any quarter of human life.
But basically, when
you judge this crime
that we're talking about,
you say, well, maybe it's
negligent homicide.
What does that mean?
That means that they neglected
to notice what was happening.
Well, they know
what's happening.
How did they neglect it?
Well, manslaughter.
No, that carries an idea of
accidental death or passion
of the moment.
>>REGINA: And
temporary insanity.
>>RAPPAPORT: Temporary insanity.
And you're talking about
surgical sociopathy, right?
So that's out.
OK, so where does that leave us?
Well, does it leave momentary
murder, second degree?
Not really.
This is premeditated, because
it happens year to year.
So this is murder
homicide, murder one.
So in a sane society,
what would happen
is officials from the
Department of Justice
would drive to the headquarters
of these pharmaceutical
companies or fly, serve
warrants, and arrest
the people, put them
in chains-- the CEOs,
and some of the
other executives,
and the lead researchers--
on a charge of murder.
That would be sane.
And then they would
go to the FDA, which
is really right down the
street, Justice Department.
And they would begin arresting
those people for murder,
not negligent homicide.
Because the FDA knows that every
year this is going to happen.
Last night we were
talking off the record,
and I gave you the
image of the gatekeeper.
You're a gatekeeper.
And you live in this new
dimension where there's a field
and there's a gate.
And you know that on January 1,
you open the gate every year,
and people pass through.
And you know that every
year 100,000 will die,
because you open the gate
to this particular field.
You know there are other
gates to other fields,
but you choose to open
this gate every January 1.
And every year you do
it, and every year you
know at least 100,000 will die.
What does that make you?
Is there any
argument about that?
I don't think so.
And this is what we have to come
to grips with this situation.
>>REGINA: At the same time,
using the same argument,
you have tainted asparagus.
Oh boy, that's all
over the headlines.
The farmers are ruined.
Everything's recalled.
People are suspicious.
They don't even buy the
good asparagus, not even
the organic asparagus.
Really because maybe
one person died,
or maybe one person became
ill enough to be hospitalized.
And that gets us even into
the area of supplements.
I get really upset when I see
every year an effort is trotted
out to ban supplements, or to at
least make them more difficult
and put them under FDA
approval before anyone
can take a natural supplement
to augment their own health.
>>RAPPAPORT: So the
record is, virtually--
>>REGINA: What's the record?
>>RAPPAPORT: The
record is no deaths
from nutritional supplements,
none recorded by the US Poison
Control Center.
>>REGINA: Yet this comes up
before Congress most years.
>>RAPPAPORT: Yeah,
but the thing is
it comes up in perverted
form, obviously.
Because what I'm giving you
is the distillation of 30
years of tracking down
these monsters as a reporter
and saying, OK,
let's have my kind
of hearing before Congress.
OK, boys, move back.
This is going to be
my kind of hearing.
So we're going to bring
up this one witness,
and we're going to
say, now, you're
for the Poison Control Center,
isn't that correct, sir?
Yes.
OK, now, you know what a
nutritional supplement is?
Yes, indeed I do.
So give us a list of some.
Vitamin A, D, all these.
Yes, I do.
OK, now, we want your statistics
for the last five years.
How many deaths were
caused by the full range?
And please speak
clearly and loudly.
None.
OK, does that mean zero?
Correct.
Zero.
OK, thank you very much.
Dismissed.
Now let's bring up the
person from the FDA.
OK, now, you see this web
page on your own site here?
It says that every year 100,000
people die of adverse reactions
to drugs, to medical drugs.
OK, now, true or false--
these would be drugs
that your agency has certified
as safe and effective?
Well, I don't know.
Well, you mean there's
another way for these drugs
to reach the public,
besides certification?
Well, no, of course.
We're the agency.
All right.
So these drugs are killing
100,000 people a year.
Well, yes.
And you've been aware
of this for how long?
Well, 10, 15 years.
I see. so that's
a million people.
OK, now, let me see if
I have this straight.
>>REGINA: You really
can see the absurdity.
>>RAPPAPORT: You've
allowed a million people
to die without making any
changes in the drug approval
process, but over
here, you're trying
to prosecute nutritional
supplements that kill nobody.
A million people
a decade, nobody.
Correct?
Correct.
That's the end of the hearing.
Goodbye.
And now, we put this up
on the news, nightly news.
In a sane world, the networks
would pound on this for months.
They would say, guess
what we discovered?
Brian Williams would lose
all of his hair overnight.
He'd say, I actually have
a story, a real story.
The FDA has been prosecuting
supplements that kill nobody,
and the drugs that they approve
kill a million people a decade.
We're not going to
let go of this story.
And you're going to hear
about it for three months,
and people are going
to be up in arms.
This changes the
perception of reality.
This is what
journalism is supposed
to really do is change
perception of reality,
not just, oh, look at that
story, and this story.
And that's the
whole point of this,
that this could change
perception of reality
in the country if the media
outlets pounded on it day
in and day out.
>>REGINA: But
they're not going to,
because look at who the sponsors
are of the various news shows.
It is shocking the
percentage of drug companies
that now sponsor the news.
And of course, there's a
very direct link to that.
And we can move beyond drugs
and look at other substances,
as well.
One of them that has gotten
a lot of attention and is,
again, it should've been
pulled off the market.
It should have never
gone on the market.
But Donald Rumsfeld.
Let's talk aspartame.
He was in a powerful position.
>>RAPPAPORT: He said I'm going
to get this approved no matter
what I have to do,
basically, for Searle.
And he did.
He got it approved.
He pulled whatever
springs he had to pull.
So studies have shown-- you
can interview any number
of researchers who will tell
you that aspartame is indicted
in neurological storms,
so to speak, brain--
>>REGINA: Obesity.
It's at the base of so many.
>>RAPPAPORT: --malfunction.
And it is a
ubiquitous supplement,
we could call it, a food
supplement, you see,
but not the kind
of food supplement
we're talking about over here.
This is drug supplement
by drug company.
This is artificial sweetener
under a variety of names.
This can be approved.
This can be pushed
through because
of political clout, period.
>>REGINA: Let's talk
about the variety
of names, because I
think a lot of people
don't exactly know
where aspartame still
resides in the food chain.
>>RAPPAPORT: Yes.
I couldn't give you all of them.
I remember the prime
one was NutraSweet
that everybody knew
about, but there
have to be six, seven, eight.
>>REGINA: I think there are.
And I forget, too, because
I don't use the stuff.
And every now and then I write
it down, and then I forget.
But I think all anyone needs
to do is start looking into it.
You can Google it and
find out all the names
that NutraSweet goes by.
And it's causing just a plethora
of chronic health issues
among the citizens, not the
least of which is obesity.
Look what's happened to
the levels of obesity
in the population switching
over from sugared sodas
to diet sodas.
Then again, this variable
is hidden from the people.
And you're looking
at-- I don't know.
I don't know how many
aspartame-related illnesses
there are each year, but we
know that it's significant.
>>RAPPAPORT: But they
would diagnosed, of course,
as other things and then
treated with toxic drugs.
>>REGINA: And we're going to
talk more about toxic drugs
when we come back
from our little break,
in the form of vaccines.
This is a very scary
subject for a lot of people.
So we'll be back
in just a moment.
Welcome to the next evolution
of Conscious Media Network.
Some of you have been with
us throughout our journey
and now, as a result of our
partnership with GaiamTV.com,
we're able to reach
more independent,
progressive thinkers like you.
In addition to the hundreds
of interviews for CMN,
I'm now able to do twice as
many interviews each month
with the leading visionaries
and authors of our time.
This is possible because of
Gaiam TV's genuine commitment
to preserve and expand this kind
of groundbreaking information.
>>JOAN BORYSENKO: I have
a great deal of faith
that this universe
is a friendly place.
>>REGINA: In fact,
GaiamTV.com is
destined to become the largest
portal of conscious media,
intended to awaken and inspire.
>>JEAN HOUSTON: We don't
just live in the universe.
The universe lives in us.
>>REGINA: I could not be
happier with this partnership
and the possibilities that
lie ahead for all of us.
>>DR. JOE DISPENZA:
Most people really
are thinking the same way
every day, acting the same way,
and feeling the same way,
but really hoping something
will show up differently
in their life.
And it never does.
>>REGINA: Other well known faces
in the alternative media scene
will also be collaborating
with GaimTV.com
to provide even
more perspectives.
>>RICHARD C. HOAGLAND:
Did the Mayans
understand about
hyperdimensional torsion field
physics?
I think I can prove they did.
>>REGINA: In addition to my
live interviews from Gaiam TV
studios, Scott and I
will still be traveling
around the world for other
exclusive interviews.
>>HARVEY BIGELSEN: You've got
pharmaceutical commercials
telling you, go to
see your doctor this,
go to tell your doctor that.
It's a brainwashing.
>>REGINA: Meanwhile,
I wanted to give you
a quick preview of
GaiamTV.com so you
can see what's being
made available for you
as a result of this partnership.
>>MICHAEL TELLINGER: This
was in the late 1400s.
When they asked the
local African tribes,
who built these structures?
The answer was, we don't know.
That is not what you'll in
read in history books today.
I have a big problem what that.
>>REGINA: You'll find curated
consciousness-expanding films,
thought-provoking documentaries,
engaging TV shows,
and much more.
Please join us for
the next evolution
of Consciousness Media.
Welcome back.
I think one of the most
challenging issues that we're
looking at these days
is immunizations.
There's a lot of information,
disinformation, misinformation,
and fear surrounding
them, particularly
where our children
are concerned.
And you've spent a great
deal of time on this.
What is the number now
before the age of five,
the number of immunizations
little children are exposed to?
>>RAPPAPORT: Every day
it seems to change.
>>REGINA: Something like 90.
>>RAPPAPORT: 60, 50.
It depends if you count
in the booster shots.
There are more than
anyone could ever
have imagined that were going
to take place are taking place.
It seems like you
must be spending
every day getting vaccinated.
>>REGINA: These are delicate
little, pink, tiny beings
that theoretically have
a built-in immune system.
>>RAPPAPORT: Yes, or they don't
have a built-in immune system
and they're still learning
to build an immune system.
>>REGINA: But that's
part of the process.
>>RAPPAPORT: And
so now we're going
to vaccinate them to make
sure that we substitute
medical immunity
for the immunity
that their immune
systems naturally
would provide if
we left them alone.
We can't leave them
alone, certainly not.
We can't look back on
a time in our history
and see that children
that were left alone
turned out fine,
like my generation.
Gee, things turned
out all right.
I didn't have 30.
I didn't have 60.
I never would have stood for it.
I'll tell you that.
Never would have happened.
Absolutely.
Don't care what my
parents would've said.
I can just tell
you, knowing myself,
never would have happened.
There is not one
study that has ever
been done with a large group
of children-- I mean large,
a few thousand-- matched groups.
Half receives the vaccine.
Half doesn't.
They're similar in nutritional
status and medical history.
So we're talking as close
as we can the same groups.
Half get the vaccine.
Half doesn't.
And then we really track
them well for three, four,
five years, and we see
which had adverse reactions
to the vaccine, number
one, which group?
Or how many in the
vaccinated group?
And how many people from the
vaccinated group got sick?
How many people from the
unvaccinated group got sick?
Never been that study
on any vaccine ever,
so don't begin to say--
not talking to you,
but talking to some
theoretical person out there.
Don't begin to say that we know
that scientifically this stuff
works.
Never been a study like that.
I've offered good
money as a journalist
if you can show me one.
People submit various kinds
of phony little things,
and I turn them back for reasons
that I've just mentioned here.
The second thing people say
about vaccines is, well,
of course, we know that
they have wiped out--
>>REGINA: Polio.
>>RAPPAPORT:
--tremendous diseases.
And so to which I would
say, read "Medical Nemesis"
by Ivan Illich, who will
describe to you why contagious
diseases really diminished
in the West over time,
had nothing to do with
medical interventions,
had to do with better
nutrition above all,
creation of a middle
class, better sanitation,
lack of overcrowding.
In other words, the
best of what we would
call perhaps modern
technological life.
In addition to that,
we have many challenges
in the form of charts indicating
that these diseases, supposedly
wiped out by vaccines,
were already on the way out
before the vaccine
was ever introduced
and simply continued to
diminish after the vaccine was
introduced.
I have statements about
polio that would just
fry your brain in terms of
what the doctors pretended
and how they were paid
for a diagnosis of polio,
so therefore the diagnosis
numbers jumped up.
We get into all of that.
>>REGINA: So let
me ask you about
that, because my
generation, we lined up.
We took the sugar cube.
We got a few vaccines.
We didn't have a lot of
vaccines, MMR type of thing.
Were there side effects
from those little sugar
cubes with the polio vaccine
in them, for example?
>>RAPPAPORT: Yes, there were
cases of polio, for example.
That's one of the side effects.
>>REGINA: Like didn't cure
like; like caused like.
>>RAPPAPORT: Eventually,
Jonas Salk and sugar cube
went at each other
over and over again,
because they had
developed, Sabin and Salk,
two different vaccines.
And they called each
other criminals and crooks
and so forth.
Not exactly the
kind of behavior you
would expect from medical
scientists, right?
>>REGINA: Common,
though, in that field.
>>RAPPAPORT: And yes,
there were disseminated
cases of smallpox-- I mean,
polio from each vaccine,
from the Salk vaccine
and the Sabin sugar cube.
Definitely, no
question about it.
I know for a fact
as a journalist
that after the World
Health Organization said,
we've wiped out polio,
or smallpox rather,
in the third world in
Africa-- we've wiped it out,
gone-- they had a secret meeting
in Geneva where they said,
we'll never use the
smallpox vaccine again.
Well, if you're
celebrating that you've
wiped out smallpox
with the vaccine,
why are you so afraid
of the vaccine?
Because it caused smallpox.
Because it caused
cases of smallpox.
Well, that must mean that they
didn't really wipe it out.
They were causing
cases of smallpox.
And they're lying
about the statistics.
I know that meeting
took place in Geneva.
I have an impeccable
source on it.
They said, never again will
we use the smallpox vaccine.
We're going to put
it on the shelf.
These people know
there are dangers
implicit in the vaccines.
They know that.
This is why the companies,
the drug companies,
have negotiated with
governments, including the US
government, to be completely off
the hook for liability in case
of disasters from
their vaccines.
You can't any longer
sue the manufacturer
of a vaccine in
the United States.
You have to go through
the vaccine compensation
program of the
federal government.
>>REGINA: But you can
in other countries.
There was just a recent
case that was successfully
settled where the judge ruled
in favor of the plaintiff
because the child--
there was a very
direct link between
his vaccinations
and the development
of autism in his case.
Now we don't even
need to go there.
I did an interview
with Susie Miller.
I've done other
interviews on the subject.
And Mary Toko.
There are many places for people
to go and look this one up.
>>RAPPAPORT: Yes, there are.
There are also cases in the
United States, recent cases,
where parents of children
have been compensated
by the government for autism.
They don't call it that,
but that's what it is.
And they know-- the
government knows that--
>>REGINA: It doesn't
go to trial, though.
>>RAPPAPORT: --it came from
a mercury-contained vaccine.
While the government is saying
no connection between mercury
and autism, they're
paying out money
to families whose
children are damaged
by mercury-containing vaccines
with autistic spectrum,
except they're calling
it encephalopathy.
Different, different, different.
Sure, it's happening
all the time.
>>REGINA: And if you're
looking at the stats,
the years that they started
intensifying the saturation
of ingredients and the number
of vaccines that we were giving
our children--
>>RAPPAPORT: Autism.
>>REGINA: --and autism.
They're a direct parallel.
So let's forget
about the autism part
because we've made that
case, I think, enough.
You can research that one.
But let's look at some of
the other factors involved
with kids that are getting
all this junk thrown
into their body at
very tender ages,
some of the other
effects, and then
also how parents can stop this.
That's a really big part of it.
>>RAPPAPORT: Well, first
of all, two things.
The kid is getting chemicals
and germs injected directly
into the body that
bypass the normal portals
of the immune system,
the defense of the skin.
The various kinds of layers of
protection against chemicals
like formaldehyde and
mercury and against germs
that are implanted
in the vaccines
on purpose, and then the
accidental contamination
of germs-- that's inevitable.
All of these things are-- zip--
injected right into the body.
So that's the first thing
when we talk about effects.
Now we no longer have
the immune system
of the child enabled to
act against these things,
because the gates
already are open once you
stick a needle in.
It's not like, oh,
it's on a sandwich
and you've got
all kinds of stuff
that the body can do
to mount defenses.
So you've left
the child somewhat
disabled in that respect.
That's number one
effect of what happens.
And number two is the child's
body learns the lesson.
My immune system depends upon
interventions from vaccines.
This is what immunity means now.
>>REGINA: That's the
information that's
being projected into the body.
>>RAPPAPORT: The body is
receiving this information
and understands that now
this is the way it's done.
And the body is now-- believe
me-- scratching its head
saying, what are we
going to do about this?
This is bad, bad for our
business as the body,
because we're in the
business of immunity.
>>REGINA: Taking
care of this body.
>>RAPPAPORT: This is
what we're all about.
And suddenly we're
being told, no, you
can't survive without
these interventions
from these insane
people over here
who claim that
they're preventing
all kinds of disease.
What are they really doing
when it comes down to it?
I'll tell you.
They're selling you your
own immune system back.
That's what they're doing.
Because to the degree that a
person does retain immunity
to disease, it's not
because of the vaccines.
It's because of their
own immune system,
but the doctors are saying,
no, no, no, no, no, it's
because of the vaccine
that you're really immune.
So that's selling you your
own immune system back twice.
>>REGINA: Twice.
One that isn't as good as the
original one in most cases,
not all cases but most cases.
And another interesting
thing paralleling
this is that I've had
many health practitioners
from various different areas
of usually alternative medicine
say that the one disorder
or condition that's
on the rise more than any
other is autoimmune problems.
It's society at large.
We're having a
crisis, an epidemic
of autoimmune problems.
>>RAPPAPORT: Which
means the body
is attacking some
element of itself.
And so now you've scrambled
the response of the body
completely by
saying, we're going
to give you immunity
from the outside.
You who are dedicated
to immunity,
the body, who are all
about immunity-- that's
why you're really around
is to provide it--
we're going to deny you that.
No, no, no, you can't
do that anymore.
>>REGINA: You don't
know how to do it.
We can do it better.
>>RAPPAPORT: We've got it.
Here are the injections,
one after another.
So now the body begins
to feel confused.
It's trying to
mobilize and figure out
how to deal with this
kind of Trojan horse.
How do we deal with this?
What do we do?
So one of the things
it begins to do
is misidentify certain
elements of itself
and begins attacking
them as if they're
enemies when they're
not, because it's
existing in the
state of confusion.
This is confusion.
I can't tell you how many people
as a reporter I've interviewed.
Did you ever get
vaccinated growing up?
Never.
Did you eat pretty good?
Pretty good.
Exercise?
Yeah.
Have you had many
diseases in your life?
No.
Are you healthy?
Absolutely.
>>REGINA: There are a
lot of OB/GYN doctors
who will not allow their own
children to be vaccinated.
>>RAPPAPORT: You bet.
>>REGINA: They know.
They know what's going on.
So instead the rest of us
vaccinate our children.
We've been vaccinated.
And now we end up
in a system where
we have a broken immune
system essentially
that can't optimally function.
Now we're in the system.
Not just autoimmune problems,
every kind of problem.
And once you get into the
system, into the matrix of it,
then you have big issues
because it costs a lot of money.
There are always one
organization or drug company
who's certainly trying to profit
at the expense of another.
And it's just chaos.
And now we get to the
new Health Care Act.
What the heck is that anyway?
I've read bits and pieces,
and portions, and assessments.
I don't get it.
What does this new Health
Care Act deny us or offer us?
What's it do?
What's it setting us up for?
>>RAPPAPORT: I've got to make
one final point about vaccines.
I know we can't-- it's
a 12-hour conversation.
>>REGINA: Yeah, it is, indeed.
>>RAPPAPORT: But here's
what stops parents
from taking a hard look
at the truth of this.
They're afraid to
challenge a doctor.
>>REGINA: Yes, we're afraid.
We're afraid of doctors.
>>RAPPAPORT: The
doctor say, this
is the way it's going to be
and how dare you question me.
And they're also
then afraid of what
other people are going to say.
>>REGINA: It's true.
You're an irresponsible parent.
>>RAPPAPORT: Peer
pressure and all of this.
You're irresponsible.
If you can cure people
of that, if you can say,
does the health of your
child mean more to you,
really, than what
your friends say
and what this doctor is trying
to look down his nose at you
and say?
Think about that.
Think about which
is more important.
Think about that.
OK so we've come to the
new health care plan.
>>REGINA: Because now we're
all in the system because we're
compromised on one
level or another.
So many children's
hospitals, so many sick kids.
This is scary.
>>RAPPAPORT: Essentially the
job of the medical system is
to recast, reshape, rehypnotize,
reconfigure what happened
because of a chemical,
tons of sugary drink,
artificial food
coloring and dye,
sensitivities to certain
kinds of things like gluten
and so forth, vaccines--
>>REGINA: Genetically
altered products.
>>RAPPAPORT: Genetically
altered food and all of this.
And it's as if
I'm sitting here--
I'm the new insurance
plan-- and I'm saying,
and I shall recast all of this.
This will never be
called what it is.
identified as coming
from the true causes
of where it comes from.
This will never happen, ever.
Because I will provide a
complete list of all disorders
and diseases that are legitimate
by name, by label, and what
the treatments are allowed
for each one these.
Now, this is where
this plan is going.
This is exactly where
it's going up the road.
Not tomorrow, not the next
day, but it's going there.
And you'll see it, part of
it, because the Department
of Health and Human
Services, which
is a cabinet post
under the president,
is tasked with exactly
this, to present people
under the new plan with
a complete list of all
the diseases and
mental disorders that
exist that are now called
legitimate, you see,
automatically, and
the allowed treatments
for each one of these things.
So it's suddenly now,
where on the chart
do you fit, Mr. Patient?
>>REGINA: But this
has to be more one
size fits all for diabetes
or whatever, right?
>>RAPPAPORT: Oh, of course.
>>REGINA: There's maybe
a spectrum of one, two,
or three drugs, and that's it.
>>RAPPAPORT: Sure,
you can have type 1.
Let's see, OK, you're type 2.
OK, here are the drugs.
OK, next, come up.
Because it's all put down.
But the true causes, which we
just started talking about,
they're already forgotten.
People say, well,
what were you saying
back there 30 seconds
ago, Rappaport?
Something about
environmental this or that?
As soon as you said diabetes,
boom, we're into the medical--
we're into the list.
We're into the Department of
Health and Human Services.
Well, that's the future.
That's what this plan does.
That's why the pharmaceutical
companies are in love with it.
That's why the insurance
companies wrote it.
That's why the
corporations wrote it.
This is not liberal.
This is not progressive,
conservative.
This is corporate.
This is a corporate plan.
This is a plan to
institutionalize
the future of medicine as
pharmaceutical, profit-making,
insured medicine with a list.
This is like a Bible.
We're going to have a
medical Bible, folks.
>>REGINA: This is
what you're allowed
to have in response
to your disease.
That's it.
>>RAPPAPORT: This is
what you're allowed.
What's the implication of this?
The implication is that all
those chiropractors walking
around and all those
acupuncturists walking around,
all those naturopaths walking
around, who are going wink,
wink, nudge, nudge.
This is going to be great for
us, because we're part of this.
We really are, of
the new-- whatever
we want to call
this insurance plan.
We're really part
of this, and we'll
be-- don't worry about us.
We're in.
We're in the inside,
because we're legitimate.
And yes, for a little while
that will be true, until one day
a chiropractor finds
himself sweeping floors
and mopping hallways
in a hospital.
That's what chiropractic
is now allowed to do.
Somewhere along the
line that is going
to happen to acupuncturist, to
chiropractors, to naturopaths.
And people are going to say,
oh, he's such an alarmist.
No, I'm looking down
the line at the future,
because this is what
pharmaceutical-based medicine
has been just drooling over,
the possibility of this,
for decades, has been trying
to make this happen, this plan.
This is the champagne night for
them with the passage of this
and the Supreme Court ruling
on its constitutionality.
This has nothing to do with what
people think it has to do with.
>>REGINA: Does this
have any allowance in it
for preventative
care, for example?
>>RAPPAPORT: A little bit
here and there now and then,
but it's not going to last.
This is my point.
There are certain things.
If you've looked at
them long enough,
you can see where they're going.
If I am expert on trains and
tracks and a train moves by,
I say, do you want to
know where it's going?
I'll tell you all
the turns in the road
and what it's
going to look like.
>>REGINA: Well, you've been
watching this for decades.
>>RAPPAPORT: 30 years.
And here it is, folks.
This is what they've
been trying to do.
This is what was
happening in 1993.
This is what finally
happened now.
It's a pharmaceutical triumph.
It's a biblical triumph if
you mean medical biblical,
because we finally
are going to have
the complete list
of all the diseases.
Where did this come from?
Here they are.
>>REGINA: Well, a
lot of them are going
on the garbage-bucket-type
diagnosis of diseases that
aren't even real diseases that
they're treating seriously--
>>RAPPAPORT: Well, of course.
There are so many.
>>REGINA: --and just
slapping a drug on.
>>RAPPAPORT: And here's
somebody out here exposed
to a chemical,
exposed to a vaccine.
Now they have symptoms.
Now they have arthritic
symptoms at age 12.
Now they can't
digest their food.
Now this, now that.
And they go to the doctor, and
the doctor goes, OK, let's see,
the symptoms are-- OK, what
does that correspond with?
Let's do a blood test.
OK, all right,
you've got this, AQZ.
The mother says, does
this have anything
to do with environmental
chemicals or vaccines?
Of course not.
>>REGINA: So it's standardizing.
>>RAPPAPORT: Are you trying
to practice medicine?
Are you walking into
my office and trying
to practice medicine?
Is that what's going on here?
Now either you pay attention
to what science says
or you go to your hocus pocus.
And eventually, you
know what's going
to happen under the
new health plan?
If this happens in
an office, a doctor's
going to say, watch out.
We know who you are.
>>REGINA: Well,
what if you don't
follow their prescribed
course of action?
>>RAPPAPORT: I'm telling
you what's going to happen.
We know who you are.
You have your position.
You are patient 168912A-Q
in the insurance plan.
Now you are refusing
treatment, refusing care.
We could make room
for someone else here.
Now, are you going to
go along with this?
In fact, let's just--
clickety click click--
let's look back here.
Were you not the mother
who refused a vaccine
four years ago on her
child for hepatitis ZXQ?
Yes, you were.
And here's a case
that we built up
against you of strange
little behaviors.
All right, so we can
now excommunicate you
into the dark.
>>REGINA: Well, this
is already happening.
People refuse
treatment and they're
losing their insurance coverage.
>>RAPPAPORT: Right,
but it's going
to be much worse when everyone
is under the umbrella.
Because now everyone's talking.
Everyone's part of the plan.
Everyone is android
by number, except you.
This is no longer, you're
just out of the plan.
You're out of the world.
You're out of the community.
You're into the outer darkness,
because people look at you
and they say, a bane, a heretic.
It's not under the system.
This will happen up the road.
Believe me, this is
where it's going.
>>REGINA: OK, well,
let's look at what
is already happening
in another area.
And that is if you're not
compliant-- if you're a child
or you're a teenager and
you're not compliant,
you're fidgety in class--
we all know that one.
ADHD.
Now we know that
you're going to be
put on some kind of drug,
a very large percentage.
What is it now?
>>RAPPAPORT:
Ritalin or Adderall.
>>REGINA: Yeah, what
is the percentage
of the American
population under 18?
>>RAPPAPORT: You're
really talking
about the percentage of boys.
We're talking six,
seven million boys
in the country that are on this.
>>REGINA: That are on this drug.
And this is going to
be part of the system,
as well, once it's called for,
once you've been diagnosed.
Yet at the same time when
we were talking off camera,
you told me that
there was a program
on PBS "Frontline" you
were talking about.
And a doctor came
on, and once they
were pushed and challenged,
they finally said--
>>RAPPAPORT: We have
no test for anything.
Russell Barkley, my
hat's off to you, boy.
Massachusetts, UMass professor
of neurology and so on.
The program was "Frontline
PBS," "Does ADHD really exist?"
And he was asked,
is there a test?
No.
Then how do we know it exists?
He says, people don't understand
what science really is.
They don't understand how
science really operates.
We don't need a test to
say something exists.
In fact, then he
crosses the line.
>>REGINA: That's
not very scientific.
>>RAPPAPORT: He says, if we
needed a test, a laboratory
test, we would have no
mental disorders at all.
>>REGINA: You mean
there would be
no classification
of mental disorders?
>>RAPPAPORT: None of
the 297 that presently
are listed in the
Bible of psychiatry
would exist at all
because none of them
has ever had a test to
confirm a diagnosis.
He admits that.
And I also have Allen Francis,
formally, perhaps even now
still the most famous
psychiatrist in America,
responsible for putting together
the psychiatric Bible called
the DSM IV that lists all the
so-called mental disorders, say
to a reporter from
"Wired" magazine in 1990--
I'm paraphrasing
here, but this is
pretty close-- there is
no way to precisely define
a distinct mental disorder.
That's all bull bleep.
That's what he said.
And he's the guy
who was in charge
of creating the
Bible that actually
defined each mental disorder.
Folks, I'm not making this up.
I'm not just trying to
pat myself on the back.
I'm telling you, this is what
medical reporting should be.
This is what you're
supposed to do.
You're supposed to
take these guys,
and grab them by the
neck, and stick them
in front of the public, and
say, look at this famous idiot.
He's got all the degrees.
He's got all the prestige.
He's got all of everything.
And this is what he said.
Now, does this
make sense to you?
I don't think so.
It doesn't make sense to me.
Therefore, we're not going
to let him off the hook.
And we're going to make this
story grow in the public mind
until it never goes away.
That's our job.
That's what we do.
>>REGINA: Well, that's what
I was going to ask you.
We only have a few minutes left.
So we know that we're
being-- our immune systems
are being compromised
through vaccines.
We know that
ourselves and our kids
are being unnecessarily drugged.
We know we have unnecessary
procedures, operations,
and such that are occurring
by the millions each year,
which also is part of that
death statistic, death
by medical care.
And then we also know
about the deaths,
as we talked about in
the very beginning,
by approved prescription drugs.
So we're up against quite a lot.
We have to say no
to a lot of people
in order to just feel
like we have the safety
net of being covered
within a system.
Oh my God, what if
something happens?
Where would I go without
my medical insurance?
That's a fear.
And most people listening
to this right now,
that's the fear in
even listening to this.
What can we do?
>>RAPPAPORT: Well, the first
thing and the last thing
that people have to remember
is, do you want freedom or not?
Do you know what it is or not?
Because if you're
going to fudge that,
pretend it's not an issue--
or what is he talking about?
That's not relevant--
you're never
going to get to
the bottom of this.
What is the bottom?
The bottom is, do
you have the freedom
to decide what to do about
your own body or not?
Remember all those,
quote, feminists
who were out there with
signs at the beginning
of the 1970s, the
late '60s-- my body.
I decide what to
do with my body.
OK, so here we are
with the same issue
except in different terms.
I'm not saying I support
or don't support abortion.
What I'm talking about here
is I'm talking about freedom,
the freedom to decide, I want
a drug, I don't want the drug.
Yes, I think this
is a good procedure.
I'm going to do it.
Or not.
>>REGINA: But how do
you do this in light
of a system that doesn't
allow you to have the freedom
to make that choice?
Or you're simply off the books
and you have no safety net,
as really that's
all health insurance
is viewed as, a safety net.
>>RAPPAPORT: You decide
what's more important,
your freedom or the system.
If you decide your
freedom is more important,
you will build something
outside the system.
>>REGINA: And it's not
as though there are not
a lot of building
blocks at our disposal.
>>RAPPAPORT: Oh, it's unlimited.
>>REGINA: The technologies
that are emerging
by the day that are
literally reversing diseases,
the amount of knowledge we
have alone in terms of being
able to suss out
where the disease
or where the chronic illness
came from to begin with,
and nutrition-- you go on.
You finish it.
What is at our fingertips if we
choose to use it and basically
walk from the system?
>>RAPPAPORT: Astounding
amounts of stuff.
My wife is the best nutritional
detective on the planet.
I've seen her do
unbelievable things
with people who came to her
after seeing other people,
and this and that,
and this and that.
OK, let's get to
the bottom of this,
the bottom of the
bottom of the bottom.
It's amazing what you
can do when you're not
talking about being
unfree, when you
don't like that, when
that's not it for you.
And this game is not
over, believe me.
>>REGINA: And also taking
the path of freedom
is a very exciting one.
It's opening up so
many possibilities
to genuinely recover
yourself, mentally,
emotionally, physically,
and spiritually.
Just to make that decision.
By they way, I have a
copy of your wife's book.
It's called "Our Children
Are What Our Children Eat."
And she also-- I just
want to bring this up.
She talks about the fact that if
your child does go in and have
their inoculations
for whatever reason,
she can tell you
how to prep them--
if you haven't found your
way out of the system
yet-- how to prep
them, what foods
will start helping their bodies
to accept it a little better
and also to detox afterwards.
So it's very interesting
work she's doing.
Any final thoughts?
We only have a
minute or so left.
>>RAPPAPORT: I have
to reiterate and say,
do you know what freedom is?
If you do, you're
on the right path.
If you don't or you're
not sure, you better
figure it, because this
is coming to a crossroads
here where the
system wants to say,
you have to be part of what we
have and we know what's right.
We have science on our side.
And you have to decide,
if I'm not accepting this,
and if I'm free,
then what do I do?
How do I work?
And there are things
you can do, believe me.
You can build outside
of the system.
You have to decide
what's more important,
the system or your freedom.
That's important.
>>REGINA: On that note,
thank you so much.
I know people have gotten a
tremendous amount of not only
encouragement but
permission to go outside
of the system listening to you.
Thank you so much, John.
>>RAPPAPORT: Or they're
scared out of it, right?
>>REGINA: Probably a
little of that, too.
We've shared this for one
reason, to encourage each of us
to ask new questions and not to
blindly listen to the evening
news where our
health is concerned.
Meanwhile, to follow
more of John's work,
you can go to his website,
nomorefakenews.com Meanwhile,
if these subjects are
interesting to you,
you might also
enjoy my interviews
with Lorraine Day
and Burton Goldberg
under Conscious Media Network
in the Gaiam archives.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Gaiam TV.